Adding SNS IntegrationSink example (#6170)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/sinks/integration-sink/aws_sns.md

# AWS Simple Notification Service Sink

The `IntegrationSink` supports the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Simple Notification Service (SNS) service, through its `aws.sns` property.

## Amazon credentials

> For connecting to AWS the `IntegrationSink` uses Kubernetes `Secret`, present in the namespace of the reSink. The `Secret` can be created like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For connecting to AWS the `IntegrationSink` uses Kubernetes `Secret`, present in the namespace of the sink resource. The `Secret` can be created like:
```

> For connecting to AWS the `IntegrationSink` uses Kubernetes `Secret`, present in the namespace of the reSink. The `Secret` can be created like:

Reviewer: will we document the permissions to give to those access keys?

Author: That's perhaps a good idea. I will see how camel handles this, on their docs, and borrow.
